= acts-as-aggregate-root

Intended to make an activerecord object an 'AggregateRoot' meaning the root manages the lifecyle of all the objects in the 'Aggregate'.

The whole aggreage is automatically saved/deleted when the root is saved/deleted. Without having to manually mark each 'has_many' as autosave/delete.

== Installation

=== Rails 2.3.x

Acts As AggregateRoot  is tested to work in Rails 2.3.5. 

config.gem "acts_as_aggregate_root"
After that, you can run "rake gems:install" to install the gem if you don't already have it.

== Testing

Acts As Aggregate Root uses RSpec for its test coverage.

If you already have RSpec on your application, the specs will run while using:

rake spec:plugins


== Usage

    class Order < ActiveRecord::Base
      acts_as_aggregate_root
      has_many :order_items
    end

    class OrderItem < ActiveRecord::Base
      belongs_to :order
    end


  Order.first.destroy
  Order.all.count == 0
  OrderItem.all.count ==0

== Contributing to acts-as-aggregate-root
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Surya Gaddipati. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

